h1. jmd_dashboard: Customizable dashboard

"Forum thread":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=27244, "hg repo":http://bitbucket.org/jmdeldin/jmd_dashboard/

To modify the dashboard, edit the form "jmd_dashboard":./index.php?event=form&step=form_edit&name=jmd_dashboard. This form can contain Textpattern and plugin tags.

h2. Upgrading from 0.2

The tab-editing interface was removed, so add the following to your dashboard form, save, and reload your dashboard to remove the unnecessary record.

bc. <txp:php>
if (safe_field('name', 'txp_prefs', 'name = "jmd_dashboard_lang"'))
{
    safe_delete('txp_prefs', 'jmd_dashboard_lang');
    echo "DB updated.";
}
</txp:php>

h2. Enabling the dashboard for other users

By default, the dashboard is only available for Publishers. To enable the dashboard for all users, edit the @add_privs()@ line:

bc. add_privs('jmd_dashboard', '1, 2, 3, 4, 5');

User roles are explained at the "Textbook":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=User_Roles_and_Permissions

h2. Tag reference

* "jmd_dashboard_edit":#jmd_dashboard_edit
* "jmd_dashboard_lastmod":#jmd_dashboard_lastmod

h2(#jmd_dashboard_edit). @<txp:jmd_dashboard_edit type="article|comment">edit</txp:jmd_dashboard_edit>@

This tag outputs an edit link for articles and comments. It must be called by article_custom or recent_comment in either a form or a container tag.

|_. Attribute |_. Available values |_. Default value |_. Description |
| @id@ | int | discussid or thisid | If unset, the plugin uses the current article or comment ID. |
| @type@ | article, comment | article | Creates a link to the edit screen of whichever @type@ is set. |

h2(#jmd_dashboard_lastmod). @<txp:jmd_dashboard_lastmod format="strftime" gmt="1"/>@

This tag displays the last modified date based on the most recent article.

|_. Attribute |_. Available values |_. Default value |_. Description |
| @format@ | "strftime":http://php.net/strftime | @%Y-%m-%d@ | Date format. |
| @gmt@ | 1, 0 | 0 | If set (1), the date is adjusted according to GMT. |
